# Introduction #

There are several settings that need to be set in order for the ThumbMarks gadget to work correctly.  This page details how to do that.

Additional questions can be forwarded to gadget+feedback@timalosi.com

# Settings #

## Service ##
The **Service** setting is a dropdown choice that allows you to choose which Social Bookmark service you would like to display thumbnails for.

## User Name ##
Your Username at the Social Bookmark site.  If you do not include a Username, the gadget will display the _Top_ or _Popular_ links.

_**Note**: The StumbleUpon service requires a Username since there are no RSS feeds for the popular links._

## Category / Tag ##
A specific **Tag** or **Category** to display links for.  For example to display all bookmarks that have been tagged with "Google", put "Google" in this field.

for **Delicious** and **Diigo**, you can create your own tags when you save the bookmark.  For **Reddit**, you pick the category from a list when you save the bookmark.

**_Note: The StumbleUpon service does not support Categories or Tags in their RSS feed._**

## Number of Entries ##
The number of links to display.

## Image Size ##
Thumbnails can be delivered in two sizes: _**Small** (80 x 80) or **Large** (110 x 110)_

## Center the Preview ##
In Icon Display mode, the thumbnail is square.  Checking this box will display the thumbnail centered, as opposed to left justified.

## Zoom the Preview ##
Will display a larger thumbnail, but clip the thumbnail to the display size (80x80 or 110x110)

## Display As ##
**Icon**: Displays the thumbnail as a square image with the domain listed below it.  The bookmark title is available as a _tool tip_ when you hover the mouse over the image.

**List**: Displays the thumbnail as image with the bookmark title to the side of the image.

## Display Theme ##
**iGoogle**: A standard display theme that mimics your iGoogle page

**iPhone**: A display theme that styles the gadget like an iPhone phone

## Shrink The Web Key ##
The thumbnails are generated by [ShrinkTheWeb.com](http://shrinktheweb.com) which is a free service.  As a free service, there is limitation as to how many thumbnails it can generate from a single account.  If you find that your links do not have thumbnails, you should get your own Shrink The Web account and put the Key in this field.


Copyright 2009 [TimAlosi.com](http://www.timalosi.com)